Hey, everyone.
So now that we have our Android
operating system on our Dragonboard,
we're just gonna do a quick summary and
then look back on everything
we did in this set of videos.
So the first thing we did was go
to the 96boards.org website and
download all of the Android binaries and
bootloaders that we needed.
>> Yeah, then we took you through a nice
way of kind of keeping it organized in
folders here on your Mac, and
how you would go about creating your path
variable, modifying the little script
that's provided to you in the bootloader
download that you got, along with
flashing everything onto your board.
So we kinda went over things that you've
already seen before in previous lessons,
booting your board into Fastboot,
making sure that you have have
your toggle switches there or
your dip switches set up properly, making
sure everything's plugged in properly.
And then we finally ran the script
which pushed all of the images
over onto the board.
>> Yup.
>> So yeah, we'll see you again,
hopefully in later videos.
We look forward to using this
operating system for lots of fun and
exciting things.
Stay tuned for-
>> Better and bigger things.
>> [LAUGH] Yeah, see you soon.